hey what is up guys and welcome to the
minecraft 12 w 21 B snapshot so I didn't
get to cover the 12 w 21 a snapshot but
I get covered this one so there are a
lot of new things at it with the first
connection but this one is mostly bug
fixes so there is most important thing
which is very big look at him inventory
I make ready mode and I have something
like the Xbox inventory so it's pretty
legit if you ask me here all the tools
and the dog is crying outside yeah now
if you can hear him he's getting bad
raped probably by another dog we're here
all the combats tools of the bow arrow
swords and armor brewing and all the
materials that you can have and of
course that the survival rate that I
guess you don't have and us on the Xbox
version so here we have the building
blocks and decoration redstone materials
that you can write use redstone on from
good things so this is all the rails so
trustful transportation okay yes I
thought there are only rails were gonna
notice the boat but whatever and so on
and so on and yeah so this is pretty
much a search items bar system whatever
so and I can type in spawned for example
here we go
have a spot so as that has been said
let's go and show you some things for
the first time shut it got in which is
the 12 w 21 a that I'm going to cover
all of the things that were the first
nation but just two of them actually
and this is the first one which are new
buildings in Minecraft and there should
be an entrance but the sand is blocking
it so when you find this structure there
is pretty much nothing in there but when
you go down let me destroy this you
don't want to step on the breastplate
let me destroy it right away because
down there is actually deep empty and
there are lots of goodies here as you
can see three diamonds and three
emeralds which is the new or at it so
let me get some of them are some more
arrows oh wait
and I have noticed one more thing the
texture of emeralds has actually changed
wait here it is it was actually a red in
the previous snapshot so now it is all
legit and green so that's pretty much it
so let me try to find some emeralds mm
I'm not sure if you can find him like
this but let's try to deuce I think not
maybe someone here
no no no no oh yeah every now sollozzo
loads and loads and loads of new things
have been added and I'm not going to go
through them all but just a few of them
so if you can hear strong background
noises it's my computer being a dick so
sorry for swearing but okay now I just
have to find a village which is going to
be pretty hard but when you find a
village and he wants to go again it
doesn't buy me wow I thought it has a
different name so whatever actually
never mind when you actually find a
village in a desert biome it's going to
be made out of sandstone on that note
I'll what and now this is going to be
fine
look at this all of this fall why isn't
it falling and there we go
yeah now I'm going to go in a flat world
and show you the villagers or maybe they
make in our video about the villagers
yeah I'm probably going to do sell to
make a and villager trading guide but if
I get decent feedback I don't do selling
make a yeah villager trading guide so I
can show you how to trade with the
villagers yeah I written debts this been
pretty much it thank you for watching
and don't forget to leave some feedback
hope to see you all again later